Talk to anyone who loves Android, and the company that's become the face of the Android smartphone platform isn't Google, it's Samsung. With its flagship line of Galaxy S phones, Samsung is the biggest manufacturer of Android phones and rivals Apple for marketshare and profits for smartphones. Samsung's latest flagship, the Galaxy S4, is no...

Packed with an impressive amount of technology that builds on its predecessor, the Samsung Galaxy S4 is the company's latest Android flagship phone. With 16 GB of storage for music, video and apps, the Samsung Galaxy S4 can also use microSD cards for further expansion. The Galaxy S4 also makes transferring files between other Galaxy S4s as easy as ...

Pros: Speed,screen size, customization

Cons: Screen vulnerable, gimmicks, bloatware (Verizon)

Incredible screen! Video, images & text are razor sharp. easy to read an ebook on its large screen. Get a case ASAP to protect that gorgeous glass! Fast processor, microSD slot, very friendly user interface. Extremely customizable: you can adjust almost ever possible feature on the phone! Dual screen mode is a plus!

Some features are impractical in the real world and do work...kind of. Yes. You can scroll the screen just by moving your eyes...but only with some programs and your eyes have to be in the right position. Yes. Hand gestures work without touching the phone but, unless your hands are really dirty, you might as well, you know, touch it!. So, for bragging rights its impressive.

I wish they hadn't changed the camera software available in the S3 which was more user adjustable and yielded rich, crisp images. If you want the camera to think for you, you may be happy. If you want to adjust ISO, white balance, anti-shake, yourself you're out of luck. These are often crippled in the available preset shooting "Modes". By the way, the 13 MP isn't available in every mode either! The lens is recessed and protected by glass which could get scratched easily. Video is excellent and playback will leave you breathless! Nevertheless, pictures look good but the S3 images win here by a nose.

Battery life is impressive with 3 days of moderate use typical. Heavy users can get 2 days maybe. Calls are crisp & clear. Sound quality is outstanding. So, a few personal annoyances aside, its a great phone that works well in spite of all its gimmickry. Well done, Samsung.

Pros: screen size

Cons: volume for everything. music. phone talk.

Phone is awsome except for a few key factors......the speaker phone is so quiet and terrible. The in call volume is low. And the music volume through the speakers is bad. And also and case that is made big to protect it. Makes it extremely hard to press the button on the bottom right and left and even the button in the midddle, the main one. But other than that the phone is awsome. Great Camera and great HD screen. Can watch HD movies and record HD video. Phone is extremely fast and has great turn by turn navigation. You can play many games and get apps to manage any sort of financial account. The battery lasts long enough for a whole day of full use. (Doesn't compare to droit razr hd Maxx. But this phone can d ... 